here are this week's taught me in King
Arthur legend of the sword director Guy
Ritchie gives us his rowdy take on the
mythical tale hold your corn cake I roll
them for hiding against the backdrop of
East LA car culture a street artist
hopes to make his dreams come true in
lowriders that is your heritage
don't vocation it with your boyfriend no
I'm just here with my mom when a woman
vacations with her scaredy-cat mom is
snatched kidnapping and hilarity ensues
see with hot in theaters with this
week's anticipation
[Music]
so what's your weekend to get going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]